Exercise. if Statement. Exercise
objective. Create a program to implement
the use of the if structure at the end
we should observe the following. We will
create a new project called if example
so click on file, new project, select Java
and Java application and click on next
the project is called if example the project
location is courses, Java fundamentals
lesson04 and click on finish. So the
project has a desired structure. Create a
new class called IfTest so right click
on the if example project select new and
select Java class. The class name is IfTest and the package name is test, click
on finish and we modify the code of this
class the package name is test the class
name is IfTest and we create a main
method after that we add a comment: If
Example. We declare a variable called x
with value 10 of type int, after that we
use the if structure and we are checking
if the variable x is less than 20 if
that is true we will log into the
console x less than 20. We are not
using the else structure yet, we are only
putting into practice the if structure
as we are using only one sentence inside
the if structure it's optional to use
the curly braces of the if statement
we run the project as shown and the
result we can see: x is less than
20 because the evaluation of the
expression was true. Exercise conclusion
with this exercise we have put into
practice the handling of the if
statement. We will do more exercises
regarding the issue of control sentences